Here you hear you, Harmontown is now officially in session. Welcome everybody to the Nerdmelt
Theater in Hollywood, California. Thank you for joining us on Podcast Land. Won't you
please join me in exalting the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
That's very kind of you. You're a very spirited crowd. I like the feeling of this constituency
tonight. You're good people. I walked the line tonight figuratively and literally talking to you.
I don't want to get on a lot of tangents tonight. It's not a thing that we like to
do here. I try, I make it a goal to be directing to the point. Focus is the hallmark of Harmontown.
Focus is job one. We make focus at Harmontown the way they make chocolate things in the
Kiebler Valley. You know what? They lived in the tree. Don't plug other products right now.
I forgot to mention tonight's show brought to you by Nike. You know what? Slight change in
tactic. Okay, bear with us. We're not caving. Tonight's show is brought to you by Nike.
Nike. Here's what we figured out. Nike doesn't want anything to do with us. So fuck Adidas.
Adidas had what, three weeks, four weeks? Yeah, they lived high on the hog. Adidas was a
collateral benefit of our anti-Nike campaign, our hostage campaign to get Nike to pay us
to stop advertising Adidas. We're refining our technique as we go. El Cata didn't perfect
things in a day. They took him like 25, 30 years. They probably, the first thing they blew up,
you don't even know what it was. It probably a rock. They blew it up, though. They moved along.
They blew up a car next. But then, do you know that the official shoe of El Cata is the Nike
Mercurial Soccer cleats? Interesting. Tell me more. Fusing explosive speed with eye-catching
style. The Nike Mercurial Vapor 8 gives the fastest al-Qaeda members the lethal edge.
Interesting, Nike. Care to pony up, you fucking stingy cocksuckers? No, no, no, no. We like them
now. Oh, no, no. We like them. We just happened to mention El Cata like it's mustard. Right.
And we're proudly brought to you by Nike until such time as they choose to pay up. Also,
if anybody from Puma is listening, you're next, motherfuckers. Take it easy. It's the new advertising
world, new paradigm. The Nike Mercurial Soccer. I walked the line tonight. I did a new thing.
Usually we get questions. You've heard, if you're listening in podcast world or you're out here,
you know how that goes. Did you walk the line in the Johnny Cash sense? That's what I'm saying.
I did it figuratively and literally. I definitely walked the line between sobriety and drunkenness.
And I also walked the actual physical line in the comic book shop and met a lot of people.
And my goal, just so you understand what I'm trying to do, I'm trying to connect with you
guys. I started walking the line and I used questions initially as an excuse because I wanted
to talk to people. I wanted to kind of John Stuart you. He starts the daily show. If you
tune into the daily show, the first thing that happens is he goes, I forgot my kazoo and everyone
cracks up because he shared some joke with them before the show. There's a bond between performer
and audience. I want that. Do you feel that you achieved that tonight? No. I think that what happens
is I put people off still. But I'm going to keep doing it. I saw you. You're walking around with
a vodka in your hand and a mayoral sash on. I was asking people, how's it going? People shrink
away. You can feel them being repelled by what I have decided is my ass burgers. Having diagnosed
myself with an online quiz, which is a big salute to everyone who professionally studies this stuff.
I just decided from an online quiz I have ass burgers because it's fashionable. But I feel like
I'm going to off put it. Just lightly applaud. I swear I won't even look. I won't look. Just
lightly applaud if you were put off by me in line tonight. Okay. Who was that? Who was it?
You saw Auntie? Auntie? Is that your friend? Jennifer? Were you just comedically clapping or
were you really put off by me? You were surprised that I was out there. It scared you. It's weird.
You read about me getting fired on a blog and then I'm next to you. Did you have a good time
tonight? Well, that doesn't count. That's just you being fascinated by my majesty. You were just
on a trip to San Francisco and you said everywhere you went that people were recognizing you. Thank
you for calling me out on that, Jeff. That wasn't a private conversation at all. Yes, in point of
fact I went to San Francisco as a private conversation. You went a sharpie in your butt in the last
show. They don't know that. That isn't broadcast yet. There's a very strange, fascinating magical
and I know fleeting time from it's very, very odd. I'm not an actor or anything, an athlete or
anything. I went to San Francisco and Los Angeles, you expect it. It's an industry town. Everyone's
an editor or a gaffer or a boom operator, an aspiring writer. You're like, okay, I'm in the
capital. I'm in the epicenter of this stuff. Also, I'm at the epicenter chronologically of my
cue rating because I was infamously, publicly, kind of crucified, slash self-crucified, whatever
you call it. You were Chevy Chase's girlfriend. Yeah, exactly. It's a very low rent Charlie Sheen,
as I've said, on a very low scale. It's like, yeah, I go to three bars and the two people
recognize me. It's like an 85% rate of people. I went to San Francisco, fucking everywhere,
man. I went to Exploratorium Museum and then some guy would come up and go, hey, I'm a big fan.
Hey, that's fantastic. Thank you. Then you look on the Twitter, people go, hey, come to the thing
and then go to the thing and then another guy'd come up and go, hey, can I buy your drink? It was
pretty amazing. Anywhere that I didn't go, if I went to a place where somebody didn't explicitly
come up to me and say, hey, thank you, I love what you did, I would read on Twitter later,
some guy would go, holy shit, DNR, I just bought an ice cream cone here. It was really 100%.
I don't know what, it matters nothing. The only thing that's going to happen is it's going to
stop in a month and I'm going to, I don't know, what will I do? I'll hang myself while I'm jerking
off. I don't know. Do you enjoy that experience of being recognized? I certainly have no problem
with it. If you see me in public and you are thinking for a second about whether or not
you should bound up to me and rub my head and say, I love you, go for it. I suffer no illusions
about, like I'm going to be 50 muttering into a drink that that used to happen. Go double rub my
head. Do me a big favor. That's no problem. The big question is though, is it changing my brain
chemistry? Do I want it to happen? Do I care if it stops? That I don't know about. I don't know.
I like to think that I'm a pretty sensible guy. That that's just, it's an oddity.
This is the least charismatic thing anyone could ever talk about. I'm done. I'm finished. I'm out.
That's the whole thing. I'll talk about it sometime when I'm a little more sober.
Wait, have you been drinking today, Dan? Because if I find out that you have been
drinking with me all day long, I'll be very disappointed. All right. We got on a little
bit of a tangent. What were we talking about? You're talking about making her uncomfortable.
Oh, well, yeah, but I really didn't. I just, I just amazed you. Right. I was like, holy
shit, it's Batman. Okay. No, no, no. So I didn't put anybody off. But I have a lot of social
anxiety. So just so you know, I go, I go down the line. What I'm trying to do is I'm, because I
don't believe in therapy. So I'm going down the line and I'm actually experimenting with human
contact. I'm not, I'm not talking down to you guys or like doing some kind of gimmicky thing.
Like I'm actually trying to, you're the only people that I meet outside of the three friends
that I have. Like, like this is a weekly thing that we do now. So like, I don't abuse it or
anything. Like, but you're closer to NT than he's like number eight and your friend. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, NT. I know NT more than I know my uncles. Certainly if NT was going to get hit by a car
and the only way to save him was to shove my uncle and without hesitation.
What a hero. Yeah, especially if I could shove NT into one of my daughters just to prove that I
was a white liberal. Fucker, NT. Fucker. NT's black. So just for podcast land. And NT is
those listening at home. Stop your stopwatches. That's the first race mentioned. We got to race.
We made it to race. But Dan, that's 30 or 40 seconds later than normal. You're getting there.
In four years, we might do a whole show where you don't mention race. And I think that day
our souls will die a little bit. I think I was born, I'm starting to realize I was sent here to
earth to obsess about race and racism. Speaking of which, Steve Harvey is hosting Family Feud now?
For a long time. Okay, well, for quite some time, I believe. Well, I was in a hotel room. So this
is the first I've heard of it. Aaron has some weird OCD neurosis where she can't get dressed
in a hotel room unless the television is on. And so like, if it's only in a hotel room with Aaron
that I'm actually like subjected to normal television signals. That's the only time I watch
Sports Center for some reason is in a hotel. I find out what NASCAR is doing. Yeah, so she's
gonna put on her skirt and her shirts or whatever you call them. And so we're watching Family Feud.
That's it. Steve Harvey, whatever. I'm disappointed in you. You know, aim higher, Steve. I don't
even know you that well. But how did he let you down? Well, by being on Family Feud. Because I
just noticed that this show is a celebration of mediocrity. Like beyond any, like really,
no one can argue with that. They literally, they in front of your family, they stand you up and
they ask you what you think normal people said when they said something. What makes Ms. Picky
different from a real pig? And the person that slams the buzzard down first and goes, she has hair!
They win if the most people think like them. They win. And the person who has the slightest
fucking potential to not connect dots that are right next to each other. Just on the off chance,
Picasso wandered in with his family to Family Feud. He's gonna be burnt at the fucking stake on
this show. That's what it's about. You will be labeled as the reason you let your family down.
You think differently. You're an asshole. You're a psycho. What do you think everyone said when
they eat a brownie? Yummy. You win. You win. What were you gonna say asshole? A flower. Fuck you!
Get out of here! Who the fuck are you? What the fuck's with you? Do you have fungus in your brain?
Get away! It's like on the playground. It's a tarot family feud. Family feud, the title,
like that's a beautiful idea. Pit families against each other for sure. Make it tribal and go,
okay, what makes the Harmon's different from the Johnson's? The Harmon's rule. Why do we rule?
I don't know. Because we have our own language. We should win if we're able to communicate with
each other better and we're weirder. I don't know how to design that game. It's not my job to make
game shows. I just know that Family Feud is definitely a celebration. What's your beef with
Steve Harvey though? Well, he's participating. What are you talking about? What's my beef with
anybody that hosts that show? The last guy killed himself, didn't he? Why do you think?
Because I'm sure if there was a note, I'm sure it was like I'm tired of being a cog in a human
grinder. I can't take it. Like the karmic energy has come back from out from my asshole and into
my mouth and it's like I'm poltergeisting myself. I want to die. Wait, Richard Dawson killed himself?
No, no, the guy that replaced him. Richard Dawson just died of grief, I'm sure.
Rick Holmes? Ray Combs. Yeah, Richard Dawson just was able to sustain that toxin going through
his body. Well, because like he subverted the show by being just a fucking fantastic alcoholic.
Very congenial, very congenial, very drunk. He was purple drunk. His skin took on hues.
He was just like nuclear sunset, orange, purple. Yeah, yeah. He was awesome. He was 70s drunk.
Yeah. Pat Noswald has a whole routine about it. If you haven't heard, I'm sure most of you had,
Pat Noswald is the final word on Richard Dawson's beautiful drunkenness. So then he got replaced
by that guy, but that guy, I think he killed himself, didn't he? Is that true? Anybody? This guy?
What's your name, sir? Sean Combs. Sean in our front row is a historian. Oh, is that, wait,
that's, I thought it was snap the jab for a second. It is, okay. See, the thing is you can't call
yourself snap the jab. I can't tell you're Asian. Like, it's not, you're not Asian enough that you
go, oh, it's snap the jab. It's a terrible name. Change your name. His Twitter name is snap the
jab. I think as we go along, we're going to start amassing a full cast of characters. At some
point, the entire audience will be people that we know by first name. We have to sit them all over
there. It's like, it'll be like Hollywood Squares. Yeah. Well, that was a dead end.
I just think that Family Feud should be outlawed. I don't think Dungeons and Dragons should be,
because it's an exploration of the mind. And my, my, the most exciting thing that's going to happen
tonight is Spencer's going to come up and we're going to start our first Dungeons and Dragons
adventure. For those of you who are just joining us for the first time, three, three episodes ago,
we decided to play Dungeons and Dragons. Two weeks ago, we brought up a Dungeon Master Spencer.
Last week, he created our characters for us. And now we're going to bring up Spencer, our Dungeon
Master. Are you ready, Spencer?
Does this thing work? Yeah. Yeah. You want me over there? Yeah. Are you comfortable? You need
a tabletop, right? Yeah, to roll dice on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why don't we talk to him up here for
a second and then we'll, we'll send him off to the cornfield. Well, first I want Spencer and the
audience to understand that anything that goes wrong tonight, because I don't think this has
ever been attempted, a live Dungeons and Dragons-ing podcast. There might be a very good reason for that.
If, if that turns out to be the case, it's all the heats on me, man. This is not, Spencer's a
stand-up guy. He volunteered, shot his hand up when we asked if there's a Dungeon Master in the
audience. He, he has leapt to this duty. If this goes wrong, it's not because there's anything
wrong with Spencer. I just want to make sure that's clear, because I'm sure we all become
Dungeon Masters because we don't want something to be wrong with us that we deeply fear is.
So I don't want to be, I don't want to push you further into psychosis. The Dungeons truly hide
my hurts and sult pains. All right. I'm back in high school already. So do you think you're
comfortable over there? Do you want that, do you want that black linen off of the table? Is that,
is that not dice, dice amenable? It'll be fine. Yeah. All right. You'll be fine. Okay.
Spencer, I have a question for you. How old were you when you first DM'd, when you first mastered
a Dungeon? Back before I knew what Dungeons and Dragons is, we used to just play pretend, you know.
But we do the same basic things. And then someone's like, Hey, have you heard of Dungeons and
Dragons? And we're like, Wow, let's make this more complicated. Yeah, yeah. So you were four.
All right. Oh, I guess I was in like a fourth grade. I don't know what age that is. Fantastic.
I do remember, funny, I remember being in grade school. And I remember there was this kid,
God damn it. What was his name? I'll never remember it. But I wish I could give him props,
because he really you just remind you just made me realize that was it starts so much earlier.
Like, all kids play make believe all kids play hot lava. There's a dinosaur and all this stuff.
But then some kids start playing football. And and then there's other kids that are like fucking
hot lava just started getting good. And I remember like being on the playground and being like playing
hot lava to the fucking light like hilt with two kids one one one kids name was Sean malarkey,
which sounds like a fake name. Because his name literally means fake. I would be disappointed
if it was a normal name. Your friend's names are absolutely. And then there was another kid,
God damn, I was like, God damn it. It was it was I think it was Armenian. It was like
it doesn't matter. But I only want to think of it because I want to like to think that he'd
wander into it and get props for it. But he was the fucking best. He would he would he would play.
It was a form of hot lava called just jaws, because jaws was popular. So the change like
there were sharks everywhere. And he would he would tell us where we were safe from the shark
water and where the sharks were and stuff. And we would just like like the 30 minute recess would
just like evaporate instantly. Like you couldn't believe it like I just the eye and pulling yourself
away from this world where anything was was possible and you're acting out these adventures.
And then you have to go trudge back to math class and all this stuff. It's like, what a bummer.
I'm not going to go kill myself. But but yeah, that's I never made that correlation. Actually,
that was that's the beginning of Dungeons and Dragons. It's like you hang out with your friends
and you're you're improvising storytelling out on the playground. Alright, so Spencer, how do we
kick this off? How do how do we begin? I think he's probably got some setup to do some physical
dance. Dan has played this before back in the olden days. I've never played this before really.
So you're going to have to walk me through it. But also our audience and our listening audience
through it. Alright, so basically, we're going to be telling a story. And I'm going to be kind of
like making the set and coming up with the non player characters. And you guys are going to be
acting the parts of your player characters, which are sharpie Buttsalot and uh. And Quark.
So basically, how how it'll go down is you'll say you want to do something, and then you'll roll
a dice or I'll roll it for you on the table. Since I'm over here. Alright, well, there you go.
And then I'll tell you if you like screwed up or whatever. Yeah, it's just basically he's telling
us a story, but we decide what we do in the story. And then to simulate the chaos that is life,
like he rolls dice and has charts and stuff that he uses at his discretion. So
he'll be asking you what you're going to do next. You can do anything you want. Let's get it on.
Everybody Spencer. The beginning of our campaign. Do campaigns have names? Do what? Do
campaigns have names? Is there a title for our campaign? I'm pretty sure sometimes they do.
I didn't name this. I thought it was just like, I don't know, just anything. We used to we used
to have modules when you buy when you buy them in the store, they have titles, obviously. But
we'll let Spencer set up. I can I can fill the time of him setting up. I want to I want to I
got I always forget to tell this story. Schrabs not here tonight. He came up. He told a story
about cleaning his butthole that will not soon be forgotten. But I for I account and I because
that was so exciting. I forgot to tell that my favorite Schrabs story, which is when I was on
the set of Heat Vision and Jack with him, which we co created. So we're on the set of this thing.
This is pre 9 11. The sun is different. There's no moon. Nothing, nothing that you kids are
familiar with is we're just we're standing on a set of a Jack Black motorcycle show.
And and that we wrote and it says that Jack drives a motorcycle through a wall. So they're
making a wall that someone can drive through. And we're like, holy shit, we're going to get in
trouble. There's a medical guy on every TV and movie set that's for insurance purposes. There's
like a he's like a he's his job is to, you know, obviously, if someone's finger flies off, he has
to reattach it or call the ambulance or whatever. But but because that rarely happens on a good set,
the medical guy tends to like hand out emergency like vitamin C powder and kind of kind of just
shoot the shit with people and kind of centers around a medical thing. So this guy, this guy,
the medical guy on the set of Heat Vision and Jack was talking to me and Schrab about diet coke,
because Rob was a headlong into a serious diet coke addiction. And and the and he's like, man,
I really got to stop drinking so much diet coke. I got to stop. And the medical guy said the
because and Rob's like, yeah, because it makes me so jittery and stuff. And the medical guy says,
yeah, well, also, you know, just so you know, like, it makes your dick soft. And and Rob had this
weird reaction on his face, like it didn't fit like what he was hearing. He looked like intrigue,
like, instead of repulsion and or dismissal and and and and he said, real, really? Like like like
velvet? It's like, no, Rob, but no, it makes it not erect. And Rob goes, oh, no, I thought I thought
he meant like, if you pour it over it, like, like he he wasn't kidding, man. Like, like, like Rob,
I was like thinking about his dick like a Ferrari, like, like, you put a chamois on there, like,
you really give it a sheen and like, like, make it soft to the touch, like, make it irresistible.
Baby, your dick is so soft tonight. I dig it in a picture of Diet Coke.
I thought that was amazing. That's that's that's the price of being able to draw. Are you sure
that Rob wasn't right? I don't know that if you pour Diet Coke over your dick, it doesn't get
really soft. I don't know. Let's find out. All right. For those of you at home, I'm doing it.
Oh, it's really soft. I don't know where that's going. Do you want to start? Well,
either way, we handed over to Spencer's hands. He's the sort of narrator of the because we don't. Yeah.
All right.
All right. Sharpie Buttsalot and Quark are on the road to a treasure vault known as the Trove.
A local sage named Derevan has asked you to investigate the Trove as a result of recent
scrying, having heard from beyond that a fragment of greatness is about to be revealed in this world.
The path is dirt and it's a warm sunny day in Caldona. Rolling hills stretch on to around you,
but the path ahead bends into some woods to the base of a great cliff. Oh, shit.
It's fucking Spencer, everybody. Right now. Yeah. In an ideal universe, he's Jimmy Page,
like he gets applause for his GM solo. I have a partial right now.
All right. So we're on a path and it's heading into a
Yeah, you're on path to go into the woods unless you guys want to like stop or something.
Well, all right. Can I ask a question? Yeah, go for it. Any questions? How do we know each other?
All right. You guys are friends. You met on a mission to the howling mine and you became friends
and you had ventured together and you found out that you're better and you can get paid more if
you work together as a team. No, we were kind of met as rivals, like kind of Indiana Jones and
Balak. Yeah, exactly. All right. And then we if you guys want to subscribe to the prequel someday.
What is your what's your racing? I'm a human wizard. All right. He cast spells and he has
like a hawk. I mean, I have a hawk. I guess as a known barbarian, I'm a pretty whimsical kind of
an emotional guy. Yeah, for sure. I go into flights of fancy. Before I go into this wood,
I probably stop and ask this human magic user wizard what he thinks is best. I mean, well,
I would sharpie Buttsalot. What do you think? I would say that because I have a hawk familiar,
and you tell me, Spencer, what's allowed with these familiars? I would say, is this like a Beast
Master situation? Can I send the hawk up to get like a literal bird's eye view? You can't like
read his mind, but when he comes back, you can like look at him and know what he's seen, you know?
Really? Yeah. Like to the point where it's like a like, I can know the terrain and not quite to
that extent. It's not that smart, but yeah, but better better safe than not. Oh, there's a cliff.
Oh, there's some trees. I don't know. Or there's a giant like if there was. I mean, I'm not going
to tell you yet. Well, no, no, I know. But yeah, definitely. Okay, all right. Well, I was saying,
you know, why not? That's a fair question. Let's go in the woods. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
spoiling for a fight. Take it easy, Quark. You're so you love cigarettes and riddles. I'm sorry.
Oh, I have a riddle for you. Okay.
Is it about cigarettes? What did what? What did one octopus say to the other octopus?
Uh, Inc. No, no, no. I get mad. Easy, easy. I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand,
hand, hand, hand, hand. All right. Well, that makes no sense to me because there's no Beatles in
this universe. To my knowledge. I know no one's going to get jiggy with anything. If we didn't
have so much success in the Keldar on mind, or whatever the fuck, what did we learn? We learned
to work together. Yeah. All right. So look, an ounce of prevention dot dot dot. Right. I'm going
to send my hawk up. What's my hawk's name? Avenger. He's got a cooler name than I do.
The audience didn't pick it. No, no, no, no. I'm going to send my hacky hawk's name up into the
ether and see what he says. If he comes down, see if he has any alarms about what he sees ahead
of us. You're too cautious. You're too cautious. Quirk, listen, my caution, as you know, has
sometimes saved our necks. The hawk returns. All right. You catch him on your arm. Avenger.
What? See you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He probably doesn't understand that.
I'm sorry. I just, I just went to heaven for a moment.
This is the whole game. You spent your whole high school years getting laid. Like, see what you
missed? Speakers to a gnome? What would be high school? All right. Avenger, what, what, what, what
say you? He said he sees four little looking people at the, at the base of a big cliff hitting a
door. Hmm. That sounds like there's four little people hitting the base of a, I'm a, I'm a little
people. Let's go help those little people out. All right. Well, it sounds like, yeah, certainly
if you saw anything worse than that, we would have heard about it. I'm going to rush, let's rush
headlong toward that door. How, how, how would you have an eye in the distance between us and that
event? You head, head or you rush headlong towards the door. All right. Just like I said. All right.
Lesson learned. Walk, walk, walk, walk. Hey, uh, hey, uh, Sharpie, uh, what's red and smells like
blue paint? Red paint. Nobody ever gets that. All paint smells the same. Do you need a cigarette?
Have you got one? Jesus Christ. I'm trying to quit.
All right. Do we do it? How far to the, you charge across the bend and you see a clearing.
There's the base of the cliff with the large door, just as a venture had mentioned. And you
see in front of it, four goblins trying to puzzle out how to get in. They don't seem to notice you
yet. Goblins. These are, this is not cool, man. Are they friendly? No, no, they're goblin. I have a
look. Let's just, let's just go away. No, I agree. What's in the, what's behind the door? Well,
we're first level. Yeah. We don't, I don't think we should fuck with four goblins either. I gotta
say though, my, my natural barbarian curiosity wants to know what's behind that door. It's for
a goblin to try to get in. Well, that's where we're going. We, the, the, the scryer that told us to
come here. How about this? Let me go talk to the goblins. I can't talk to goblins. I'm short.
I'm short. They'll, they'll, they'll, they'll, they'll see me as one of their own. There's no
talking to goblins, man. They're like monsters. They're absolute monsters. If you can, I don't,
on the back page, they'll say the languages at the bottom, not that the other one.
Yeah. But the page behind that towards the bottom languages. All right. Do you see languages?
Yeah. Yeah. Does it say goblin? No. What does it say? Common gnome giant. All right. You don't
speak goblin. All right. Common elvish dwarf orc undercom, undercom. I studied it in high school,
but I, I only remember like a few words. You realize that goblins might speak undercommon.
Oh, really? Man. I also speak of Bissell in case we run into James Cameron.
Okay. So can, can, as background, as a guy in this world, I would know this. I'm just asking
you a common knowledge question. Are goblins ever anything other than thuggish bastards? Like, are
they, is there any point in ever talking to them? Or, I mean, they've been known to form societies,
but, you know, generally they cause a menace. All right. Well, look, I say, I'm a plus one
attacking goblinoids. What's a goblinoid? That's a goblin or goblinoid. Let's fuck them up, man.
Let's just do it. Let's fuck them up. Let's go fuck these goblins up. All right. Right? Audience?
Yeah. Okay. All right. I think, I feel the gods urging us on. So here's the thing. But wait,
wait, wait. Don't do it yet. Don't do it yet. No, no, no. I have a crossbow. I'm good with a crossbow.
Yeah. They still haven't noticed you. We can take one out before you fly into a rage. All right.
So I want to fire my crossbow at one of them. All right. You aren't the best shot, but let's try it.
Sharpie. You fire a bolt loose from your crossbow. It whizzes past the goblin and
thunks in the cliffside. Son of a bitch. Now they know we're here. Now they know they're here.
This is, this is time for my catchphrase, which is, oh, sorry.
You'll hear it a lot.
Okay. Well, flying to a rage. I'm going to go study magic. I mean,
Spencer, what are my chances of taking on four goblins on my own? You can run up to one and hit
it. Let's do it. Let's fucking light this fucking firecracker and see what happens. Launching yourself
at the goblin. You draw your sword and then a clean slice slash slash at him. He rolls the dice.
You hit the goblin. Yeah.
Never had a lesson. He is cleft in twain. Sorry, whatever. He is cleft in twain.
Cleft in twain. I think ray of frost sounds pretty aggressive. Yeah, for sure. I would like to cast
ray of frost. With a magical gesture of your hand, a ray of frost fires forth towards the goblin.
You hit the goblin. And he freezes and falls and shatters into pieces.
Yeah. If you were to hit that first one with a crossbow, we don't have one dude left.
I'm practicing. It's my B plan.
Crossbow. It's the goblin's turn. He uses a cigarette right now.
God dammit. Goblin's turn. Wait, is it my turn? No, it's the goblin's turn. They whirl around
and notice that two of their brethren lie slain on the floor. They scatter like ants.
Did we scare them off? You scared them off. We said they fucking did. If you kill two of them
before they turn around, we're like the cactus bunch.
Dan and Jeff are hugging everybody. It's a tender moment.
Spencer, Spencer, I'd say if you'd be willing, when you stay put, like kind of like the Paul
Schaefer to a very nerdy tonight show or whatever, David Letterman hosts. Because we may need to
come back to this because it's already working. Let's just talk about our buttholes.
Yeah, because now we're at the door and we sent these goblins are running, right?
Yeah, that's the case. It's a little bit of a nice little breaking bad AMC commercial break
for our Dungeons & Dragons adventure. We just created what can only be described as podcast
history. Yeah, no, it's podcast dynamite. If Garrison Keeler knew how to do this shit, he
would have done it. Speaking of goblins, holy shit, think of this segue. This is what I wanted
to share with people. Halloween is quickly approaching. Now, here's the thing. We decided
we're all dressing as Jareth from Labyrinth for Halloween. I'm sorry I burped while telling you
that. Yeah, we were watching Erin McGathy, Dan's girlfriend, made us watch Labyrinth,
which is one of, you could say it's your favorite movie or among your favorite movies.
Your favorite movie growing up. So we watched it and I hadn't seen it in a long time and
David Bowie, if you've never seen the movie, if you don't recall, David Bowie has a number of
awesome costumes. He's got big like rock and roll hair and generally a giant cock like a huge cod
piece and high boots and he's kind of an asshole on it. But so is everybody. That's a movie full
of bad people. So we decided that we were all going to have a competition on Halloween that
it was, we're all going to dress as Jareth Bowie's character from Labyrinth and may the best Jareth
win. But we wanted, whenever our closest Harmontown is to Halloween, we invite any of you here
tonight or listening to come as Jareth because Dan and I certainly will be dressed as Jareth.
Yeah. Aaron almost absolutely certainly. And what we'd like to have is a
a nerd melt full of Jareth's. Just a bunch of Jareth's for better or for worse. We might have
a little talent show or a little costume contest and then we're going to all go to one bar together
and we're going to take that bar over and my deep abiding wish is that we go to a bar where one guy
was dressed as Jareth. It goes, oh, you've got to be shitting me. We would like to confuse Los Angeles.
Although we can all just go to a bar like the Roxy or something like that, the Rainbow Rumors,
like something in the sunset strip and they'd all just think we were Nikki Six or some shit.
Are you feeling what I'm feeling? D&D withdrawal. Oh, shit. Don't you feel that? It's like,
god damn it. That's why that's why I was fine. I can fairly hear the creek of that door.
As the corpses of those goblins lie rotting in the noon sun. Spencer. So we're at this door.
We sent these goblins a scattered. So what is this door? Can we describe this door to us?
All right. Yeah. The path ends at a bottom of a sheet rock face. The natural rock extends upwards
hundreds of feet to end in a cliff. Your path is flanked by trees. Channels are etched in the rock
carved by ages of trickling streams, paths down the cliffside. But in the heat of the summer,
it's all dry. Jesus Christ, did you write that? Yeah, that's part of the job. Fuck you.
Yeah. What the hell? Said in the rock surface is a large gold door and a large gold arch standing
a good 12 feet tall. The door lacks any handles or hinges, but its surface is marred by scratches
and cuts. Of course. Yeah. Many, many men have been here before us and tried in vain, just as
those goblins were. We're going to have to approach this with the minds of, of, of, of, of sentience.
All right. So Quark, I'm going to confess. I drank a little bit before the campaign.
I have to hang a leak. Let's get inside. Well, I don't think it's that easy, Quark.
The arches keystone has large pearl colored eye whose lid is shut tightly. It appears to be made
of a living material. The eye, there's like an eyelid in the door that's made of living material.
Yeah. It's at the top of the door, like above the door. Oh, above the, in the arch. It's made of
a living material. Spencer, do I have any, any talent or skills that might, you can, you can
look around. You can maybe inspect the door. You can look, look on the floor. That's a skill.
Looking around is a skill, I promise. Spencer, I'm going to invoke my God given right to look around.
You see a small square divot on the ground. It looks to be about 10 inches square.
It has dust on it, but the dust has been recently disturbed.
I think there's a thing that goes in the divot. And that's like an Indiana Jones thing.
That, you know, if you have any stuff in your inventory, you can use it. Oh, nice, nice hint.
All right. If you have any stuff in your inventory, you're going to use it.
Roll a burlap sack and plant the steel. I got seven throwing names. Holy fuck.
A compass, a ball of twine. I was a bed roll. I can't stick my backpack in it. That's just stupid.
What is this? Small 10 inch square. Use that. Use that. What is it? What does it say? Square?
What? Mirror. Mirror. Stick it in there. It's going to shine a light. It's going to shine a light.
Why do I have a small 10 inch square mirror? Just for the hell of it? It's used for scrying sometimes.
Oh, okay. All right. So I, look, I'm no wizard and I'm no human. I'm saying stick it in there.
I think the sun's going to beam in there and then here's what, here's what goblins couldn't figure
out. I put my small 10 inch square mirror into the divot so that the sun reflects into the eyeball.
As you have said it, it happens. The light streams into the eye.
Don't read ahead, Dan.
The eye winks open and you see that it's made out of a giant crystalline substance.
It starts to glow. The door disappears.
Nice. You know what? I gotta say, Sharpie, Sharpie, let's just take this moment.
It's like we can't lose.
You can see there seems to be swinging pendulums down the hall.
The hall looks to be covered in gold. I got a bad feeling about that.
Well, I don't like these pendulums. Swinging pendulums. Yeah. Sounds like booby traps.
Yeah. Can I use my low light vision that I have here?
Yeah. You can make out charred skeletons on the ground.
Charred skeletons. Okay. This seems like a fucking.
Seems like a pendulum driven torch trap. I'm making it up. All right, so how do we proceed here?
Well, you're tiny. Maybe if you just run ahead.
It's a bad pitch, but you know. I would like to cast Detect Magic.
All right, you Detect Magic. We would all like to cast Detect Magic.
It's a spell that I know, asshole. You Detect strong magical ores coming from the
eye that seems to be glowing and coming from inside the dungeon.
All right. Well, okay. No big surprise there. Burn that up.
All right. Look, we got, we got, we got, I don't, we got pendulums and we got charged skeletons.
I've got small size, man. I can, maybe I can, I can weedle my way through there.
Just go crawl, just crawl in there. All right. I'm going to, I'm going to try to
crawl through there. You enter the room. It's actually a large hallway.
It goes down about 60 feet and it's interspersed by golden pendulums that swing back and forth.
Are they sharp and scary? They aren't sharp and scary, but their pendulums
hold crystal lenses that seem to be focusing a white beam that's shooting from the eye and
the door frame down the hallway as. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Tomb Raider.
No, what do you, what are you thinking? I'm not thinking anything.
As the pendulum swing, you notice that they break the white beam of light and reflect it
across the room. It seems dangerous, but down the hall, the white light is attempting to melt
through a door. Let's stop those pendulums. How do we do it? I don't know. I'm so drunk.
I got to have you with me in this mission. I really, I thought this would be easier.
I got so much paperwork here. I'm really starting to regret my choice to be an adventurer.
So my dad wanted me to make chairs. I'm making that up about my character.
Should have made chairs? So how do we attempt this? Can we just go up and physically stop
these pendulums from moving? You can definitely try. Yeah, let's try that shit. I want to go
up and stop one of these pendulums. All right, you walk up to a pendulum and
attempt to stop it. Let's roll. All right. You grab onto it, but you can't stop it.
It starts to swing. Do you let go? You think your fingers might get smashed if you don't
let go? I'll let go. All right. You let go. The pendulum is still swinging freely. You haven't
seemed to stop it. Maybe something in the room can stop it. Let's look around. Yeah, we'll look
around. Look around. God damn it. All right. Well, you don't see anything I'm afraid,
but Sharpie spies that a square on the floor looks a different color of gold than the rest
of the floor. All right. Well, then I said they put the mirror in the square. It's not a divot.
You can put the mirror on the square. Yeah, put the mirror on the square. All right. You put the
mirror on the square. It is sitting on the floor. Johnass. I look up on the ceiling from where the
square on the floor is. You notice a button on the ceiling. Okay. All right. How high is it? Can
I reach it? You might be able to boost quark on your shoulders and he can reach it. All right.
Don't you even fucking think about it. Remember what happened on the calderon mine?
Just please, can you once stop riddling and... I still have a scar on my head. Get on my shoulders
and press the button. You son of a bitch. We'll edit out the parts where we couldn't figure this
out for a long time. All right. And we're going to seem like gods. Wait, Sharpie, let me get in your
shoulders. All right. Quark gets on Sharpie's shoulders if it's possible. It is possible. The
button is pushed. The first pendulum grinds to a halt. Are there any more buttons? Well,
there's probably two more, right? Do you look on the ceiling? I did. I look on the ceiling. You
see two more buttons down the hallway. Push that shit, motherfucker. All right. You successfully
push the buttons. The pendulums grind to the halt. I was going to waste a ball of twine on that.
Sharpie, what did one elevator say to the other elevator? Need a lift?
No. No. I think I'm coming down with something.
It's got less riddles. In the middle of the campaign,
I love riddles. All right. So we press all the buttons and the pendulums all stop.
The beam is focused through the pendulums and it melts the door. The door dissipates.
All right. So far so good. Another stopping point. We should probably camp here for the
night. Yeah. Spent for everybody. It's our fault.
Like, I mean, if it's going to take us 20 minutes to get through a bloody door.
Well, that's the thing. It's Dungeons and Dragons. It's not, you know, it's not Die Hard,
you know? You're never 90 minutes from John McClain saving the day. That's the appeal of Dungeons
and Dragons. I like that you and I and the audience here who I can, I really can sense they were
wrapped. Did you notice, I don't want to play into a stereotype, but did you notice the couple of
exasperated sighs and kind of get on with it? The female voices, like it was like,
something about women, they can sense a waste of time before a man can. It's a sexist cliche,
but they're more intuitive. They just know when something's not worth. But as we get better,
we're going to start looking around more, right? No, yeah. First of all, we can set up like a
looking around macro. You know, we just hit that button. We look around, we look around. Control
F means like a look around. Well, yeah, you liked it when you cleaved that guy in twain. It felt
good. It felt real good. All right. What else did we talk about? I'm trying to pour a drink,
like, control for a change. Can we talk about, let's see what we got here. I want to talk for a
moment about you. Dan Harmon is a writer. Thank you. He's a writer. And yet most of my writer
friends are completely incapable of telling an actual joke. Oh, right, right, right. Dan can't
tell a joke. You would think that's an easy thing. A joke is simply a quick three act play. A guy
goes into a bar. The guy says this and the punch line is that it's a boom, boom, boom, three act
play. I'm a terrible joke teller. You're the worst at it. And we try to coach you on telling a joke.
To the point where I swear to God, I've tried to tell the same joke a thousand times and I still
can't tell it. Because you get caught up in the, is it stage fright or is it the idea? I don't know
what it is. I don't know what it is. Try to tell the Walder's Masked Joke because there's a joke.
All right. Okay, okay, okay. Do you remember the joke? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And don't, don't
intentionally. No, no, I'm not going to fuck it up on purpose. I swear to God, I'm going to try to tell. I think this and I'm not trying to
over, like to tee this too high. I think the Walder's Masked Joke is the finest joke, joke ever written.
And it's, you have to finesse it. It has to be just right. So here's Dan Harmon trying to tell.
Okay, all right. The Walder's Masked Joke. So there's this eight year old kid
and he's walking on the side of a road and he finds a Walder's Mask. So he puts it on his head
and he flips it down and he flips it back up and he flips it down and he's like,
ah, it's a Walder's Mask. It's fun. Fun to have one on.
And he's walking down the road on a pickup truck. Pickup truck rolls up alongside him on the road.
And the driver says, hey kid, do you want a ride from me? And the kid goes, hey, fine.
And he gets in the, gets in the truck and he's driving with the guy and the kid,
the kid flips the Walder's Mask down, flips it back up. He's playing with it. It's fun to
have a Walder's Mask as a kid. It's more fun for them than it is for a Walder, for a certain,
for a Walder, it's just vocational banality. It's something you do to protect your eyes.
For a kid, it's like exciting. He feels like Darth Vader. So he's just playing with it.
And the guy driving the pickup is driving the kid along and he goes like, hey kid,
hey, have you ever heard of massage? And the kid flips the Walder's Mask up and goes like,
uh, no, no. He flips it back down. The guy drives a little longer and goes, hey kid,
have you ever heard of fellatio? The kid flips the Walder's Mask back up. No, no, no. He flips
it back down. Driving for a little while longer. Long pause. Twice as long as the last two because
here it comes. The guy says, hey kid, have you, do you know what a, what a pedophile is? And the
kid flips up his mask in exasperation and goes, look, I got to tell you, I'm not a real welder.
Jeff's giving it to him. See, I can't tell that joke right, apparently. Yeah.
I don't know. If you tell that joke right, these people erupt into a pause. First of all,
the kid puts the Walder's Mask on, he gets in the car and the guy says, do you know what fellatio
is? The kid says no. Do you know what sodomy is? The kid says no. Do you know what a pedophile is?
And the kid says, look, mister, I got to be honest with you. I'm not really a welder.
Funnier? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very concise. I can't tell jokes. You're right.
Do you have another joke? Yeah. Yeah. The other one I've never been able to tell correctly is the
duck one. Why am I identifying it with you? I'm sorry to tell it. Okay. So, and I'm covering my
eyes. Before you tell this, what do you think your problem is with telling jokes? It's because
I'm trying to put myself in the play. I'm trying to describe to the audience a situation that's
happening. It's important to be there. I think it's because jokes are purely semantic. There's
a semantic cadence. It's like punnery. It's a deception because it really has nothing to do
with the actual scene that's happening. And yet it seems like it is. It seems like a guy's walking
into a bar. You need to picture the guy walking into the bar. I always picture the guy walking
into the bar. I'm trying to make my bad joke telling sound like it's part of a huge gift.
I'm just bad at telling jokes. I'm just trying to describe what happens in my brain. I try to
tell the joke and I remember the joke because I remember what happened to who. And then I start,
so then I go there and then I don't say the right combination of words right. Because the kids
are supposed to say the certain combination of words. It's with a land that joke of this Jeffrey
Ross fucking tough crowd with Colin Quinnway. Those guys know how to do it and I'm stuck in the
moment. The kids get in the truck and he could get raped if he's not careful. I think when you're
telling a joke that you feel the silence that you're hearing, when people are listening to the
joke as some sort of indictment. No, no, no, it's not that. I swear to God it's not that.
All right, so let's hear the duck one. Like really just fire off from the fucking hip.
A guy walks into a whorehouse and he says, what do you got for me? I want to have a whore encounter.
I'm not looking at you guys. Stop engaging me. I'm just going to barrel through this. So the whore
master, whatever you call them. All right, so it's already fallen apart. Whatever you call them,
the madam, the ma'am, the clerk, the whore clerk says, look, we're all out of whores right
now. Like they're all busy. Fresh out of whores. So we are. They're busy. They're busy whoring,
like I would say. No, no, no, no, I'm sorry. Okay, so she goes to the whores are busy and
also like the ones that we have, they're too expensive and for you, just judging from your
clothing and the guy, the guy goes, all I have is a forget all that that happened. Just understand
that a guy walked into a whorehouse and then the whore person said, like, what do you want? And
then this guy said, I have a I have a dollar. Okay, that's what he had. This is a time when a dollar
he had. This is a different time. This is a different time in America.
Yeah. You know, like, there was a reasonable expectation for a dollar at a whorehouse. So
he goes, I have a dollar. I have a dollar. And the whore master says, well, I, you know, we
don't have any whores for a dollar here. Times are changing. There's telegraphs going up. You
know, this is, you know, this is I don't know what you came in here expecting, but this would be
like the mid 1800s. I'll tell you, you certainly can't have a human whore for for a dollar. What
you can have is this duck and he pulls a duck out like, uh, from underneath the counter, the whore
counter and says, you can have a duck for a dollar. You can have this duck. And the guy's like, I
came all the way into town. I certainly not going to go back. I got all psyched up for, I've been
talking to this guy for 45 minutes. So he, so he gives a guy the dollar. He takes the duck upstairs.
He goes upstairs. He actually has a great time, uh, with the duck. Uh, I, I, you know, they,
they have, uh, they have vaginas. Um, I don't know why he has a great time. It doesn't matter.
What Aaron, what, why is it like, what's the, I think, Dan, Dan, you're doing great, honey.
I'm not doing it on purpose. I'm telling you, the joke is, I know that the beauty is, he's
saying he has a, he has a good time with it. I'm going to speed through the rest of it. It's
amazing. You're not, you're not fucking around right now. This is how he tells jokes for real.
He has a great time with the duck. He comes down and he gives the duck back and he says,
like, the joke is, uh, it's, uh, halfway over. I had a guy, I had a great time with this duck.
Thank you. And he just leaves. It doesn't matter. And so, so he comes back the next day and he says,
uh, uh, uh, uh, listen, uh, uh, I, I, I, can I, can I, uh, I, I, I, uh, I brought another dollar.
Can I have a, can I have, can I have the, can I have, can I have the duck again?
And, uh, and they, and they, and the, the whore, whore tender puts the duck on the counter and
says, and says, here's the, here's the duck. Does the whore tender work beneath or above the whore
master? It goes whore master, whore tender. Well, he was, he was, he was doing whore back.
It's like, you can't order from the whore tender. He's whore backing.
All right. He was in the weed. He's cleaning, cleaning ducks out.
He said, he puts a duck in the, I already fucked it up. I know this.
It's like the black stallion. Like, oh, those are like Aaron calling out, you're perfect. I'm
going to tell the joke. Right. He puts a duck on the counter and the, and, and, uh, god damn it.
I fucked it up. Okay. So, okay. Don't say, right. Can you just rewind one day, just rewind one day
in the story. The guy, so what already happened is the, is the first transaction where the guy got
the duck and he had the time of his life. Okay. I'm sorry about this. So the guy comes back in
and he, and he comes in and he goes, I'll take, I'll take the duck. Okay. And the guy puts the duck
on the counter and he takes the duck. He goes upstairs again, has the time of his life, comes
back down, puts the duck on the counter. The whore master says, uh, that'll be $5. And the guy says,
yesterday it was a dollar. And the whore master says, that duck had AIDS,
which doesn't see, it doesn't.
It doesn't seem like a funny joke to me either, but
when I heard it told everyone laughed and I've been trying to tell it. You know why? Because
their joke came in under 10 fucking minutes. Let me try one more. I swear to God, I can tell
this one right. Just one more, one more, one more, one more. I swear to God, there's what I will
not. By the way, we serve breakfast everybody. It's like, like, like three minutes. I'll be
through this one, like not even, not even. I swear to God. Okay. 75 year old man's walking down a
sidewalk. He walks past a frog. The frog looks up at him and says, Hey, I'm a magical frog. If you
kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess and I'll have sex with you for the rest of my, your
life and mine probably. Stay on target. Stay on target. And the old man says, what did you say
because of the rule of threes? You fucked it. You fucked it. Yeah, they're savvy. They know.
This has to repeat it. Like, like, like, like, he says, like, what did you say? And the frog says,
I said, I'm a magical frog. If you pick me up and kiss me, I'll turn into a beautiful princess
and I'll have sex with you for the rest of your life. The old man picks up the frog, puts it
in his pocket, starts walking down the sidewalk, walks for a block, the frog calls out from his
pocket. Hey, what are you doing? I said, I'm a magic frog. And if you pick me up and kiss me,
I'll turn into a beautiful princess and have sex with you for the rest of your life. The old man
looks down at his pocket and says, I'm 75 years old. I think it's cooler to have a talking frog.
The joke master. Next up, a burn notice. What's that, Jeffrey Rosho? The burn man. The burn.
The burn. Man, that guy's looking weird. Is it like, does he know?
Are you about to roast Jeffrey Ross right now? Can you? Can you roast a roaster?
He's starting to look weird, isn't he? He's starting to look like the Vasquez Rock.
Like, hey, it's becoming like a labyrinth character for sure. Speaking of labyrinths.
We can't, right? No, no. The women will revolt. You can hear them pop. They're like, no,
get, fuck you with your mirrors in your hallways. Don't go back into that dungeon.
Well, I feel like we have a huge room here. And it's, I'm putting myself in their shoes,
watching the two of us drink and flounder around in a hallway. There's probably people
that go like, oh, look up. There's buttons all over this place. So you want to have like,
you want to bring somebody up who's like a little more, like maybe they could help us be like a
spirit guy? Do we have anybody? Oh, oh, oh, shit. We got, oh, God. Oh, no. Adam. All right, that's
shit. Get up here. Who else raised their hand over there? Okay. The two of you over there.
Guys, let's bring these three up for better or for worse. What are we doing?
Stand over in the corner like a Greek chorus. Jeff just uncorked this bottle with
for those of you listening in podcast world, the world's best boy band just walked on stage
right now. We have Adam, Adam on the left in the middle. What's your name, sir?
Yeah, in the middle. Doug and Adam, Doug and Colin, everybody.
Yeah, collectively known as Dream Weaver. Spencer, where were we?
When we last left our heroes, they had just broken down. Sorry, sorry, Spencer.
Dan just paused a moment to Instagram. What's going on right now? This is taking a picture of
Dream Weaver. Dream Weaver. All right, Spencer, I'm sorry. So you want me, we keep going? Yeah.
Yeah, we're trucking to that doorway, right? Yeah, you just melted the door. Do you want
to look at it? Hell yeah. All right, you look through the door. It's a large room that extends
to the north and to the south. In front of you, the white beam continues on. It hits a large
crystal red eye, but the eye doesn't seem to be reacting to the white beam. In the room are
three large pillars, each containing glass objects. In the center is a large prism,
and flanked on its sides are two large crystal globes. All right, well, this is like a, you know,
obviously like a fruity puzzle. I love riddles. Yeah, so we're going to want that prism, right?
Well, it's based, yeah. You know what, Dan? Rotate the prism. You and I consider all day.
Why don't we consult Dream Weaver? Dream Weaver, you got any ideas? Doug. First idea is light
refraction throughout the room. The crystal eye is the color red. The beam is white. You probably
have to turn the beam red through the crystals to hit the eye to get to the next room.
Doug. Didoy. One step ahead of you, Doug. All right. Does this prism rotate? Is it movable?
You approach the pillar. It looks like it could be slid. Hey, I got a sword. I'm going to,
uh, well, don't take it easy with the sword. I want to slip. I want to slip that shit. No,
not slit, slid. Slid. Oh, shit. Yeah. Sorry. Chop it with a sword. I'm going to chop. I'll
chop you with a sword. You fucking piece of shit. So if you move, if you move the prism,
like it was it, can you move it into the, I could murder a cigarette right now. I'll tell you.
You move it into the white beam and it turns. Do you want to try to do that? Yes. All right,
you move the, you move the pillar containing the prism. It slides into place as the white
beam hits it. The white beam splits into three beams, red, green and blue. The red beam continues
on and hits the crystal eye. It glows and you hear a far off rumble. Nice. Way to go, Doug. Nice.
Dream weaver. I believe they can get us through the door. Fucking dream weaver. You guys are
coming back next week. So we, we, uh, so we opened another door. There's no door in this room.
The green and blue beams go north and south. They look like they're hitting the far walls,
but they're kind of near those pillars I mentioned earlier. Oh, okay. So we move the pillars into
the paths of their corresponding beams, right? All right. Well, do you try to do that? Yes.
Yeah. Well, how do you do that? Do you do it like one at a time? What's up together? We,
we, we work in 10 and we take the green one. I'll take the blue one and I'll be in Scotland before
you. All right. You synchronize your watches. You push. We have watches. No. Okay. That's lying.
All right. You push the, the pillars into the beams. You hear a, you hear a loud humming sound
and you feel a tingling sensation across your body, a pulling on your skin and then a tug behind
your knave. and you feel yourself being teleported. Whoa. We're being teleported. I like it. We choose
to like it. You enjoy the teleportation. All right. They, they, they put the audience
applause. We're on a journey, man. We're all people love teleportation. We're all in this together.
All right. So you appear. I'll explain this to you guys. All right. There's a large open room
before you. You think it must be a few hundred feet and it seems to be rectangular. You can see
across, there's a large pit splitting the room in two. It looks to be bottomless. You can see on
the other side of the pit, your friend Sharpie and your friend Quark across the pit on the other side.
We're separated by this fissure in the middle of the room. Yes. This fissure is very wide. You
don't think you could jump it. It's, it's wider than the legend. So we've been separated. You've
been separated. I miss you. You reach out across the void and somehow you know he can tell
that you're there for him. So do we need to get back together? I don't know. Do you look around?
Look, I'm always looking around Spencer. I look around across the chasm. You can see that red eye.
Wait, chasm? Chasm. Fissure, bottomless pit. Chasm. Chasm. I say words.
Okay. Don't try, don't try to separate them. I'm sorry. I look across chasm. Sabotage.
I look across the chasm and I see what? You see the beam arcing across the room. It seems to be
going down the path, but your path is blocked by a large crystal slab. You notice that your,
the orbs that you are near are glowing and emitting blue and green light in a ray.
It's hitting a statue. I turned my statue to reflect or catch, receive a beam. As you have
said it, it happens. You melt the blue crystal to nothing. Sweet. Wait, that's bad. No. You can see
past the crystal. Behind it is another crystal slab. It's the same color and another statue.
Do we have to keep turning the statues? Maybe. I'm going to turn one more statue.
All right. You turn the statue. It reflects the beam into the slab, but behind the slab,
after it disappears, is a statue of the color across the room.
It's just, it's hard to, uh, I'm so drunk. You know, I really turn, turn the statue. I turn
the statue again. All right. You turn the statue in much the same way. And it's your path is now
blocked by a crystal of the color of your partner across the room. Shit. Adam. Just keep turning
statues. So first time Adam and I have been on the same page. So now we, now we, let's set up
camp and just get to know each other. Can we set up camp and just have a little powwow? Yeah,
you can have a powwow. We're not together. Yeah. Well, I mean, you wouldn't be talking to each other.
There's a Fisher across the room. You can send Hawk messages. Yeah, we can, we can, we can,
we can see each other and send me a Hawk message. Let's just build a little fire. Let's just,
let's just talk about our backstory. All right. Um, my father hit me for real. That's why I wanted
to learn magic. Uh, where did you study magic? Uh, at the Arcanium. That's very prestigious. Uh,
do you have a scholarship or did you? Oh, it's a, I, I, I born rich. No, God, no, you're one of those
rich wizards. No, you didn't fucking earn it. Heavens. No, no, you didn't earn it. Yeah. Yeah.
Anybody could go have a, uh, get a scholarship to a wizard school. Watch your characteristic
temper, quirk. Oh boy. Fucking. I am, I am, I am. I'll stab a wizard in a second. I am the
definition of a bootstrapper. I, I, I, I, I looked into the Arcanium arts because, uh, I wanted
to prove my father wrong about me. My father actually, and point of fact was a barbarian like you.
Adam, get on mic. If you're gonna, if you're gonna start being a PT Barnum here,
guys, flashback to the Arcanarium where, uh, Sharpie was teased mercilessly by rich, spoiled
wizards played by their, you played by Dreamweaver. All right, go for it guys. It's the, uh, the
magical dining hall. I'm so sorry, Spencer. I'm going to apologize to you after this. I'm so sorry.
No, this is great. The spoiled dining hall where he sits at the poor kid's table with a scholarship
here. Scholarship inariums. You guys mind if I sit here? Uh, no. Yeah. What are you? I'd be mine.
Sharpie Bottom. New kid's school. It's Buttsalot. Yeah. Oh, all right. Yeah. I see you with your,
with your, your poor man spell. What was that? Tail of Newt? You know, one of these days, I'm
going to be an adventurer. You guys aren't going to be shit. I'm going to learn spells and I'm
going to detect magic. Sure you are. Yeah. Yeah. You know where all the real adventures go? The
howling mines. Sharpie. You have any idea where that is? Sharpie. Well, I'm waking up. I'm waking
up next to the cat, the fisher and the, uh, the mines that we're in, right? Oh, sorry. No. You're
having a weird dream. Yeah. Sorry. Hey, hey, quark over there. Did you pick up on me having a weird
dream? Yeah. Yeah. You seem like you're talking in your sleep. My childhood was fucked up, man.
I got a lot to prove. Sometimes I wish I could, I could, I could launch into a rage like you and
just like, like make everything okay. I wish there was a way to, uh, get out of this, uh,
this room. All right. One, one more description of these beams of light and their configuration.
This is open to the whole bloody fucking nerd mode right now. Anybody has an idea right now?
We're aim the what? Cross the beams. Wait, I thought you said that would be bad.
Cross the beams. Is there a way Spencer to cross these beams? If you shoot the beams across the
chasms at the other guy's wall, maybe something. I'm going to, I'm going to chasm beams. I'm going
to beam my chasms. We shoot the beams across the chasm at the other guy's wall. You melt the walls.
Fuck yeah!
And scene. Let's get a little, let's get a little taste. Let's find out what the next
threshold is. Then we, we'll stop at this. Let's take a peek through. Melted the walls.
My guess, more light beams. More light beams? Maybe. More, more square mirrors or possibly
round mirrors. Where's the door in relation to the two guys in the, cause we're still separated
from a. Yeah. You don't see a door yet. However, as the, the walls dissipate, you can see. Remember
that red beam from earlier? How could I forget? Well, he's back. At this time, he means business.
You can see that the red beam is hitting a crystal that seems to be blocking it from accessing a
large crystal spear that's hanging in the air. Right. All right. The red beam is being blocked
by a blue crystal, a green crystal, and behind that a red crystal. All right. There's your
sneak preview of what lies in store. So we should stop it right there, you say, right?
Probably. Yeah. It feels like the Glendale Galleria at Christmas time. It's just. There's your
cliffhanger for next week. Yeah. Yeah. What, what, will the blue ray? Well, will more beams be
turned toward other beams? What will, what will reflect the beam? Will more telas be ported?
All right. Well, yeah, let's hear it for Dreamweaver, everybody. First, Dreamweaver,
our geek chorus, our geek chorus. Yeah. Geek chorus. Yeah. I have a Greek chorus or a geek
chorus. Fantastic. And Spencer, our dungeon master. All right. So it's 955. We started at
eight, eight, 20-ish. We should, we should, we should wrap it up. How do we wrap it up? Usually,
we've gotten lazy. We've usually wrapped it up with a kind of rapid fire around,
played a hacky comedy, sporty, I'll answer questions in three words thing. We don't have that
lifesaver anymore. How do, how do we wrap up tonight? Do you want to do it in song?
I mean, I don't know. Something. How about, I don't encourage it.
How about, Dan, I just want you to follow your heart here. I want you to, first of all,
before I do this, I want you to think about what happened tonight. Yeah. I want you to think,
refresh our memory here. There was no theme tonight. We didn't fall back on that. We just
talked to people. Yeah. We just, we just let it happen. We just reached out. I hope we touched
you. You know, we talked about talking to you. We brought up, we brought up Spencer. We, we,
we embarked on a, on a terrifying mission. We, we came together in our two new avatars cells.
We have a new segment to our show. We found out that you're terrible at telling jokes.
And yet, and yet when you tell a joke wrong, it becomes more delightful than a joke being told
properly. Right. I just say, whatever you're doing, I'm going to fail that. So then we're going to
be stuck here for a little longer. There's no question about that. I just say, I just say,
maybe just think about what happened tonight. Express, express how you're feeling now in song.
Okay.
Well, I had a good show, or maybe it was bad. It may not be the best show that a Harmontown
fans ever had, because if you've been to six of them, you've been to four better ones.
Well, that's just tough cosmic titties for $10 worth of fun.
Thank you for coming, everybody. Thank you for coming.
You got your $10 worth, I hope. If not, see us after the show, I think.
Thank you, Spencer. Thank you. Thank you, Geek Chorus. Thank you, Jeff Davis for
Comptrolling. Jeff's got some people to thank. Yeah, let's thank Katie Levine,
our audio recording, Zac McKeever, our tech guy on site, Emily Gordon, our producer,
Daniel Kramer, program director, Dustin Marshall, our podcast producer,
Mo Fathelbab, the onsite director, and Jenny Fine, our fantastic artist. Once again, I'm Jeff Davis
from Comptrolling. Thank you, NerdMelt. Thank you, people listening on site. Thank you all for
coming down here. Spencer, Geek Chorus, one more time for your mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. You guys are great. You're very, very wonderful and enthusiastic and patient.
The campaign continues next week. Imagine how many pillars will be turned. Thank you.